1- A ball is dropped from rest from the top of a building of
height h. At the same instant, a second ball is projected vertically
upward from ground level, such that it has zero speed when it
reaches the top of the building.

a-When the two balls pass each other, the first ball has the greater speed.

b-When the two balls pass each other, the second ball has the greater speed.

c-When the two balls pass each other, they have the same speed.



2-FIGURE

3- An object is thrown straight up into the air and feels no air resistance.

a-The acceleration at the maximum heigth is 0 and the velocity is different from 0.
b-The velocity at the maximum height is 0.
c-Both statements are false. 

4-FIGURE


5-If you toss a ball upward with a certain initial speed, it falls freely
and reaches a maximum height h a time t after it leaves your
hand. Which of the following statements is the correct one

a- the new maximum heigth is 2h and the time to reach it is the halft.
b- the new maximum heigth is 4h and the time to reach it is 2t.
c- the time to reach the maximum heigth is t/2.

5-FIGURE

6- Which of the following statements is true (it can be more than one):

a-An object with constant acceleration can reverse its direction of travel.

b-An object with constant acceleration can reverse its direction of travel twice.

c-If the acceleration of an object is not constant, the object can reverse its direction more than one time.

d-If an object is slowing down its acceleration have to be neagtive.

c- None of the statements is true.

7-Take a look at the figure and select the right answer: FIGURE

8- Which of the following statements is true (it can be more than one):

a-An object can have a zero displacement and a nonzero average
velocity. Anonzero velocity?

b-An object can have a zero displacement and a nonzero velocity. 

c- An object can have zero velocity and nonzero acceleration.


9- Take a look to the figure and answer, which of the following statements is true (it can be more than one):

a- The acceleration from A to B is constant.

b-The velocity from A to B is constant.

c- The Velocity at C is zero.

d-The velocity at G is positive.


10-  Which of the following statements is true?:

a- Under constant acceleration the average velocity of a particle is half the sum of its initial and final velocities. 

b- If the acceleration is not constant the average velocity of a particle is half the sum of its initial and final velocities.

c- If the velocity of the motion is zero, the acceleration is also zero.

d- All the statements are false.






